
# OBP_instances
There are a total of 257 instances. 
Order Batching Problem instances on a modified TSPLIB format and proposed solutions and visualizations using the SBI optimizer. 
=======

## TSPLIB modified instances 

### One tsplib "parent" for each warehouse type
 Instead of providing full descriptors for each instance as in standard TSPLIB, this repository divides the instance
descriptors into two parts: 1. Within each instance type directory there is a tsplib 
 "parent" description file in .txt and 
.json format which gives info on all locations and obstacles of the digital model of a warehouse. The .txt files are less trustworthy and it is better to use the .json's 
 (since the .txt files are autogenerated from them). 2. Within each instance type directory
there is then a directory "instances", with folders with all remaining necessary information to 
   reconstruct the TSPLIB instance for a specific warehouse. 
   This cut was done to make it easier to reconstruct instances and to prevent the majority of instance data to be redundant: Only a small subset 
   of all locations in a warehouse is used in a specific instance and the visit locations for each 
   instance use locations provided in the parent tsplib.

### ORDERS
The other big change is the addition of "ORDERS" in the TSPLIB. Each ORDER in the instance is a key - value 
pair, where the key is a unique id, and the value contains product id's. The location keys of the product id's can 
then be read from VISIT_LOCATION_SECTION. The actual location coordinates are provided in tsplib "parent". 

### OBSTACLES
Obstacles are provided in the tsplib "parent". Each obstacle has specified corners and the walls are assumed to go 
sequentially starting from first corner to the second, third etc. and ending at the first corner. 
In this instance set there are 4 corners per obstacle. 
Any shortest path distance is assumed to not intersect any of the obstacle walls.  

## Pictures
The solution folders include pictures. The red and blue diamonds denote destination and origin locations respectively
. The dots denote product and their colors denote the order which the products belong to. Note colors are picked
 randomly from a list so it is often the case that two orders share the same color. In most cases there is one .png
  per batch , but in some
 cases all batches are
 shown in a single .png (to reduce memory usage). In the latter case it is usually very difficult to make out one

 

